the camper camper what's going through
his head whoa hey guys my name is titty
2301 this is my first live commentary on
black ops I hope you guys enjoy it good
tip Casey guys don't know is climb up
this ladder and aim this way because
nobody's bonding over you so this is a
good time to hard scope the ladder
anyways I know you guys will be
impressed my skills oh god oh god oh get
on I love it wanna know I'm going
flawless ring the dinner bell that's
what woodysgamertag jazz oh god oh that
was close anyways Here I am this is my
strategy in black ops if you move around
too much you'll just die so the point of
the game is to stay in one place and let
the enemy come to you okay here we go
you can see on the UAV that there's
nobody near this ladder but then it's
okay patience is key in this game I mean
I have all day to sit here and this is
fun for me somebody's coming oh my god
Oh get on oh boy oh boy Oh son of a bee
sting that guy just got lucky okay I
need to find a bush to sit in oh that's
not a big Bush just a chap just a patch
of grass oh boy I'm getting nervous I
wish I found a bigger bush this is
probably not the best place for me to
start my camping Oh get quick Oh glad
you guys see that leg spike that's okay
this game has some connection issues but
what can you do here's a good bush way
in the corner of the map
most high traffic area on this map right
here waiting waiting waiting as you can
see this is the definitely good spot you
better put a claim or down to because
you know you're not going to see anyone
coming down that long two-mile stretch
right there you know you got to have
claimed or as well oh my god isn't this
exciting I'm so excited right now just
think I mean just think of the
possibility that someone could walk by I
could have a chance to take the shot ah
oh my god oh my god did you see that I
think oh I'm soaked oh boy oh you have
to be patient you don't want to give
away your position you know especially
when you have a leap camping spot like
this one if the shots not there don't
hesitate to not take it because a you
know they're seven minutes left in the
game I have a lot of time ain't got
nothing going on oh my god ah fucker
came out of nowhere son of a bee sting
anyways is it that's not a bush oh god I
thought I could hide in that Bush oh my
god I need to find a bush ASAP I was uh
here's a book No oh boy I know there's a
bush over here is a nice little corner I
like to camp in there we go okay that's
better here we go I am in this bush this
bush and I are one and sometimes you can
run up here and take a quick look out
but you don't want to sit up here for
too long because every now and then
someone will run by
oh boy chopper gunner coming in that's
not good anybody wanted to get quick
scoped step up step up and meet your
demise oh no chopper gunner what you
gonna do oh boy here's my bush the best
tip I can give you guys is as soon as
you respond find the nearest bush and
squat in it immediately it's really all
you can do oh god there's a little bush
nope not big enough no bush see here
it's really nothing you can do and you
don't spawn there a bush I mean you just
get screwed over sometimes like that by
this bond system here's a bush see on
your right next to a bush that's when
you know it's good hunting good hunting
okay the key about this game is patience
you need to move quietly and
strategically not to mention ghost is
the best perk ever made oh yeah oh my
god is that a guy somebody's got to come
running down here sooner or later but
like I said there's still five minutes
left in the game are lots of time Oh try
to knife him oh I'll get quick scope oh
they didn't give me that kill what a
glitch oh my god oh my god there's
people everywhere I can't handle the
excitement I'm gonna have a freaking
heart attack oh my back to my bush whoo
that was a oh my god that was intense
now you guys see why they say say black
ops is just a just an intense action
packed game oh my god this is the best
place to sit and look up because often
times that window is where people will
pop up oh my god someone's right next to
me that's okay even if he finds me I
still won't be able to see him because
I'm fucking balls deep in this bush oh
boy
oh boy okay as long as you have eighty
percent of your screen covered in tree
branches there's only a twenty percent
chance they'll find you oh boy Shh be
quiet okay I think we have a little bit
of breathing room now like I say still
almost four minutes left in the game no
hurry never ah bigger than 20 son of a
bee sting okay Panda respond find the
bush oh my god oh this is the most
intense game i have ever played there's
a bush it's not letting me squat no oh
there we go okay this game is almost
over oh my god this is intense oh boy
grenade oh no oh my god oh boy oh it's
over thank God I don't think I coulda
took much more that non-stop action I
better put this live commentary on you
boob one in seven can you say
contributing to the team